<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:composite="http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:fn="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/functions" 
	xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core"
	xmlns:mu="http://gov.nist.healthcare/components"
	>
<p:panel>

		<f:facet name="header">
		</f:facet>
		<h:panelGrid columns="2">
			<h:outputLink value="http://www.nist.gov" target="_blank">
				<p:graphicImage
					title="NIST Logo" value="/images/logo_nist.gif" />
			</h:outputLink>
			
			<h:outputText style="font-weight:bold; font-size:12px"
				value="NIST HL7v2 Syndromic Validation Suite" />			
		</h:panelGrid>
		
		<br />
		<br />
		<br />
		
<h:outputText escape="true" value="Version: #{indexBean.toolMetadata.version}"/>
<br />
<h:outputText escape="true" value="Date: #{indexBean.toolMetadata.date}"/>
<br />
<br />
<br />
<h:outputText style="font-weight:bold" value="1) Disclaimer"/>
<br />
<p>Favorable outcome in the use of the test materials on this site does not imply conformance recognition by National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST). Links to non-Federal Government Web sites do not imply NIST endorsement of any particular product, service, organization, company, information provider, or content. This software was developed at the NIST by employees of the Federal Government in the course of their official duties. Pursuant to title 17 Section 105 of the United States Code this software is not subject to copyright protection and is in the public domain. NIST assumes no responsibility whatsoever for its use by other parties, and makes no guarantees, expressed or implied, about its quality, reliability, or any other characteristic. We would appreciate acknowledgment if the software is used. This software can be redistributed and/or modified freely provided that any derivative works bear some notice that they are derived from it, and any modified versions bear some notice that they have been modified.</p>
<br/>
<h:outputText style="font-weight:bold" value="2) Patient Confidentiality  Notice"/>
<p>
<i>
In compliance with HIPAA Requirements, parties using the NIST HL7 V2 Validation Tools via this NIST Web site shall not use real data about living, identifiable individuals. Parties shall adhere to all Federal Regulations including, but not limited to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA).
</i>
</p>
<p>
Due to patient confidentiality issues (e.g., HIPPA requirements regarding PHI), this software should not be used via the NIST Web site for validation of messages containing real patient information. With proper precautions in place to maintain patient confidentiality, if an organization downloads the Validation Tool and uses it locally the Tool can validate messages with real patient information. 
</p>   
</p:panel> 
 
</ui:composition>